Update flash-event-grid-system-topic.md (#123219)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/flash-event-grid-system-topic.md

### Get started

- Step 1: Users start by [creating a system](../event-grid/create-view-manage-system-topics.md#create-a-system-topic)topic within the Azure subscription for which they want to receive notifications.

> - Step 2: Users then proceed to [create an event subscription](../event-grid/subscribe-through-portal.md#create-event-subscriptions) within the system topic in Step 1. During this step, they specify the [endpoint](../event-grid/event-handlers.md) (such as, Event Hubs, Azure Monitor Alerts) to which the events are routed. Users can also configure event filters to narrow down the scope of delivered events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Step 2: Users then proceed to [create an event subscription](../event-grid/subscribe-through-portal.md#create-event-subscriptions) within the system topic in Step 1. During this step, they specify the [endpoint](../event-grid/event-handlers.md) (such as Event Hubs or Azure Monitor Alerts) to which the events are routed. Users can also configure event filters to narrow down the scope of delivered events.
```

As you start subscribing to events from the HealthResources system topic, consider the following best practices:

- Choose an appropriate [destination or event handler](../event-grid/event-handlers.md) based on the anticipated scale and size of events.
- For fan-in scenarios where notifications from multiple system topics need to be consolidated, [event hubs](../event-grid/handler-event-hubs.md) are highly recommended as a destination. This practice is especially useful for real-time processing scenarios to maintain data freshness and for periodic processing for analytics, with configurable retention periods.

> - NEW: Customers can now subscribe to Health Resources events and send them to Azure Monitor alerts as new destination. For step-by-step guide, see [Subscribe to Health Resources events and send them to Azure monitor alerts](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-grid/handle-health-resources-events-using-azure-monitor-alerts).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- NEW: Customers can now subscribe to Health Resources events and send them to Azure Monitor alerts as new destination. For step-by-step guide, see [Subscribe to Health Resources events and send them to Azure monitor alerts](../event-grid/handle-health-resources-events-using-azure-monitor-alerts.md).
```
